fix(curriculum): Improved instructions in rothko painting lesson (#44816)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-014.md

Use padding to adjust the spacing within an element.

> In `.frame`, use the `padding` shorthand declaration to increase the space between `.frame` and `.canvas` by `50px`. The shorthand will increase space in top, bottom, left and right of the frame's border and the canvas within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `.frame`, use the `padding` shorthand declaration to increase the space between the `.frame` and `.canvas` elements by `50px`. The shorthand will increase space in the top, bottom, left, and right of the element's border and canvas within.
```

> In `.frame`, use the `padding` shorthand declaration to increase the space between the `.frame` and `.canvas` elements by `50px`. The shorthand will increase space in the top, bottom, left, and right of the element's border and canvas within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `.frame`, use the `padding` shorthand property to increase the space between the `.frame` and `.canvas` elements by `50px`. The shorthand will increase space in the top, bottom, left, and right of the element's border and canvas within.
```
